Privacy Policy

TL;DR - We get your location so we can calculate current environmental conditions. We send that location data to a weather 
API, which returns weather data to our app, and we make math and science magic happen so you know what the Perceived 
Temperature is. Your location information is then stored locally on your phone so you don't see a blank map the next time 
you open the app. We store zero information about any user here at FeelsLike.

Nearly all of this privacy policy was written with Termly.io. Check them out if you need your own. Mistakes, such as 
spelling, are my own.

This privacy notice for FeelsLike describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share your information when you 
use our services.

Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and 
choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our services. If you still have any questions 
or concerns, please contact us at sssaucie@gmail.com.

SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

This summary provides key points from our privacy notice.
- What personal information do we process? When you use our app, we request access to your location in order to administer 
our services.
- How do you process my information? We process your information to provide our services, and only when we have a valid legal 
reason to do so.
- In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations 
and with specific third parties (Google Maps, for example, which powers our app's Map capabilities).
- How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect 
your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be 
guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third 
parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information.
- What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have 
certain rights regarding your personal information.
- How do I exercise my rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any 
request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
